I wonder what it's like to kiss you.
I can feel the scorching heat of my fever.
I can't breathe.
But the smell of your hair
makes me forget that.
I'd like to tell you that I'm dying.
but I'd rather stay here forever.
feeling your warmth.
I know I'm hallucinating.
The delirium of death.
But what if it's love?
I think it is.
I've fallen in love with you. Bruce.
And I don't even know your real name.
That's ridiculous.
My tonsils are swelling. I'm suffocating.
All I can think about is
that I never told you the truth.
That I love you.
That I've only ever made love
through a screen.
in a virtual world.
Drink up. Drink some water.
You were right. That's worthless.
No one smells like you do.
or caresses like you do.
No one gets goosebumps
like mine right now.
I want to tell you that I may be
the only virgin in the Western world.
but I want to change that. with you.
I need you to rescue me
so I can tell you all this
and roll in the mud with you until dusk.
I hope you save me.
Did you find anything?
So far. all the fingerprints
belong to the staff.
Hold on a second.
They came in. took 44 million in jewels.
and vanished without a trace.
We Spaniards are awesome sometimes.
You forget the heist's mastermind
is French.
Yeah. sure.
You French are even chauvinistic
when it comes to crime.
Are you familiar
with the old cow strategy?
Old cow?
La vache vieille.
Maybe you use the same term.
I've never heard of it.
When Orinoco farmers need
to cross a river full of piranhas.
they make the oldest cow cross downstream.
And. while the piranhas eat it up.
the rest of the cows cross upstream.
Interesting.
In France. we call that
a "distraction technique."
You and I are clearly the piranhas.
The herd is the gang.
Who do you think the old cow is?
The young Spaniards.
They want us to follow a misleading clue.
It makes no sense
to break into this place...
It has one of the most complex
security systems in Paris.
and then go out to a club.
steal a car. and end up racing
with juvenile troublemakers.
They. and the jewel found
in the stolen car. are the distraction.
You forgot one small detail.
The old cow is about
disposing of the weakest link.
And that jewel
is worth four million euros.
It's the third most valuable jewel
in the lot. So. no.
No.
It wasn't used as a distraction.
My dear Spaniards carried out a heist
with some hints of genius.
And. bursting with success and adrenaline.
they went out to celebrate
with some illegal racing.
Spanish talent is like that. It's festive.
So what's your theory?
The old cow is Polignac.
Get him out of jail.
How are you. honey?
Good.
I have my own cell.
It's like a cheap hotel.
Simón is here
because we have something to tell you.
He's offered to lend us money
for a lawyer.
I can't accept that.
Let's give it some thought.
Our apartment is seized.
Our accounts are frozen.
And you need a good lawyer.
Don't you think it's too humiliating
to accept his money too?
Camille. do you mind?
Thanks.
Hello. François.
I completely understand your stance.
That's why I want to be clear.
I'm not doing this to humiliate you.
As you may have guessed.
I'm in no way a philanthropist.
I'm doing this for her.
Your wife is devastated.
She believes you're innocent.
Right now. we're two men
joined by our love for a woman.
And if she believes you're innocent.
so do I.
Wouldn't you do the same?
I'll accept that money.
but on one condition.
It's a loan.
Great.
Of course. That's the spirit.
Don't make friends or decorate your cell.
You'll be out in four days.
Thank you both. I'm in your hands.
We're together in this. François.
This is our prison too.
The three of us will pull through.
just like a rowing team.
That's it. like a rowing team.
All for one and one for all.
Hey! Stop! Fucking stop!
Hey!
- Hello.
- Want to come in?
- No. that's okay.
I just came by to give you your jug back.
Seriously?
Did it take you long
to get the last lemon out?
It'd been in there for months.
No. it didn't take me too long.
Half an hour.
Know why I brought you
this jug last night?
When I saw you arrive with your children.
digging holes. hammering.
pounding stakes in the ground
with your lumberjack shirt
and sweaty hair. I told myself.
"Finally. a TT man."
What's "TT?" Like the Audi TT or...?
No.
TT. Testosterone and tenderness.
Men who are masculine and very sensitive.
They're the hardest to find.
Then I saw you crying. and...
I thought you might want to talk.
But you said "no."
so I brought you the jug.
When you told me you were a widower.
I took a step back.
But you lied to me. you sly fox. You lied.
I overheard you talking to your wife.
I was brushing my teeth.
It sounded like
you were telling her about me.
And my limoncello.
Stop. please. I'm so embarrassed.
I don't know where to look and...
I must say. in my defense. that...
after the limoncello
and my sudden divorce.
I became deranged.
But you ended it on a sensitive...
and classy note.
I just have one question.
Did your ex-wife give you the green light.
or not?
You're not flirting with me. are you?
Well. I also felt
that "powerful chemistry"
you told her about.
I'd... better go.
I'm not hard to convince. and...
So... bye.
Have a nice day.
TT man.
May I?
I look like a majorette.
We have a 36-year-old woman with us.
Snake bite on one leg.
She's in anaphylactic shock.
We'll be there in six minutes.
Police sirens.
Officers.
Snakes. Robbers.
Cans full of jewels.
I finally decide to lose my virginity.
and this is what I get.
That's what I'm thinking about. my love.
Were you a fisherwoman in a previous life?
Of sharks.
What about you?
Do you have a slightly better love story
to tell than mine?
My list isn't very long.
The one that hit me hardest wasn't easy.
Kissing was virtually impossible. so...
Was she a nun or what?
Was she your friend's girlfriend
in the first grade?
Almost.
She was in a juvenile detention center.
Mine. actually.
She was in the female unit.
and I was in the male one.
How would you meet up?
We joined the choir.
We used to sit in the back
and drop the music sheets for a second.
We'd duck down and make out like crazy
while everyone else sang
"O Come. All Ye Faithful."
Turned on by the risk
of being caught by the chaplain.
You like forbidden stuff. huh?
Yeah. a little.
Well. I always wanted to join the choir.
to be honest.
What are you doing?
Weren't they siblings?
I'm sorry.
This is the only real thing we have.
And what about this?
Facial composites?
Between you and me. these are shitty.
It's what someone remembers seeing.
An abstraction.
They tell their story
to some artist at a police station
who draws it as they fucking please.
And some of them are real fuckers.
All we have is this goat.
Let's hope the guy with the tattoo
has a record.
Yes. I need to talk to
the criminal intelligence unit in Spain.
Right now. please.
Do you know
what that goat with horns means?
The devil. Evil.
Goya has a painting of it.
Have you seen it?
I don't recall.
Right. Makes sense. You've got the Louvre.
We've got the Prado.
I can't deny that the Mona Lisa
is very mysterious.
but Las Meninas are much cuter.
To each their own.
Do you have any tattoos?
Don't tell me. I don't want to know.
Hello?
This is Sierra from Europol Spain.
Who am I speaking to?
Alicia Sierra. Long time no hear.
Are you calling about some crime?
Oh... Murillo! Of course not.
I'm calling to ask
if you have any sexy clothes.
I'm planning a girls' night out in Paris.
That sounds great.
I'm here with a French friend
who wants us to take her out.
We could get crazy. tie up loose ends.
run interrogations until dawn...
- What have you got?
- A robbery.
Forty-four million in jewels.
It seems they're Spanish.
- When?
- Yesterday.
- I'll get on the first flight.
- Yippee. We'll send a car.
We're going to have a ball.
Oh. God!
That's Susi! She has an audition.
I promised I'd babysit her son.
You always get so dirty.
How are you? Any news from François?
No. not yet.
Are you okay?
I can leave Pablo at the bar.
The audition won't be long.
No. it's not that.
Do you remember the Spanish guy
from the bar?
Well. we're having an affair.
- Is he here right now?
- Yes.
Je suis l'amour.
What about François?
We went to jail and talked to him.
And he accepts it.
You have no idea...
The three of us. with our hands
on the glass of the visiting room.
It was really moving.
Right. Yeah. I can imagine.
But it's weird. isn't it?
That he went to see François.
No. I asked him to.
Simón lent us money for a lawyer.
One of the best in Paris.
He gave me 200.000 euros. In cash.
Wow... that's generous.
Right?
But. girl... How did all of this happen?
And this fast?
I mean. not fast. but at the same time.
I don't know.
It's been a tsunami.
A tsunami.
Sure.
EMERGENCY ROOM
Dispatch. we made it to the hospital.
She's still unconscious.
We'll wait here.
All together.
- Hurry up.
- Dispatch here. Copy.
Let's go.
Let's keep calm. okay?
Get in the car very slowly.
Right now. with all the evidence
we have on the table.
the strategy I recommend
is that your husband pleads guilty.
He can't incriminate himself.
He's innocent.
If he accepts he was involved.
we can negotiate a reduced sentence.
- Claude. right?
- Yes.
Let's try to be positive.
Camille believes François is innocent.
And so do I.
And who are you?
I'm her lover. but that's irrelevant.
The important thing is
that we're all here to help.
I'm here to help as well.
That's why I'm informing you
about the state of affairs.
If you truly want to help.
study the case in depth
and get my husband out of jail.
All right. Let's begin.
Where were you on the night in question?
At the Château Rêve d'Or.
Were you with your husband?
I was with him.
When was the last time you spoke
to your husband before the robbery?
- That same evening.
- What did you talk about?
He called me. upset.
He had found out about our affair.
Do you think your husband's behavior
may have been affected by this discovery?
Do you think he could have acted
out of mental derangement?
Could he have carried out
a robbery like this
to get away from you
and your lover forever?
The stolen jewels belong
to the most powerful families in Europe.
Forty-four law firms are working hard
to make sure Mr. Polignac is found guilty.
They're all after him.
primarily so the auction house insurance
pays for the value of the stolen jewels.
And when that happens.
you'd rather your husband
spend ten years in jail instead of 20.
Starting now.
that's the strategy we should consider.
He should plead guilty.
I need a bit more water.
Claude.
My grandmother's best friend
was named Claude.
Do you mind if I speak my mind?
Read my lips. I don't want you to forget
what I'm about to tell you.
You're going to go home
and study the case.
Tomorrow. you'll tell Camille
that you'll get her husband out of jail.
Otherwise...
one night I'll sneak into your house.
put you to sleep with chloroform.
stick a funnel down your throat.
and pour a small cup
of hydrochloric acid through it.
In seconds. your tongue will melt.
and your teeth will dissolve.
You won't be able to savor
wine with French cheese.
and. of course.
you'll never practice law again.
May I walk you to the door. sir?
Yes.
Is anyone in there?
Thanks.
This was so important to me.
- Camille...
- Close the door.
Go away. Please. go away.
Listen to me.
Lawyers always play it safe.
You'll see. Tomorrow he'll show us
the ace he has up his sleeve.
I said go away.
Madame Polignac?
We're here to return
your husband's documents and devices.
The judge examining the case
has made copies of everything.
CONFIDENTIAL DOCUMENTS
DARK CHOCOLATE
The investigation is underway.
I can't even make a witness statement
in my husband's favor
because I was in bed
with someone else and...
planning to leave him
while he was being arrested.
Don't you understand
how that makes me feel?
It makes me feel...
like I hate myself.
And that ruins everything.
The wonderful love story
we were experiencing just a few hours ago...
is tarnished now.
It's become a...
a dialogue about lawyers.
adultery. and money.
And I'm ashamed of it.
Do you want to separate?
Yes. please.
I need you to leave this house.
Now.
Camille. what's wrong?
Nothing. sweetheart.
I have an idea.
I'll take Pablo out for a walk.
If you intend to take him out for a walk
as an excuse to come back...
you need to know I won't change my mind.
Do you want to take my picture?
What are you doing?
Your friend is inside.
You can't escape together.
If you leave her here.
we'll end up catching you.
Lower the gun and engage the safety.
You have a lot to lose.
You're making things worse.
Do you think I'm making things worse?
I just killed three guys
in a country house.
Maybe you've heard. Do you watch the news?
So. tell me. What's worse?
Play some music.
I know this one!
What did you say. you bitches?
Sing. both of you.
Come on! Sing the fucking chorus. Come on!
Wonderful.
Bring me a bronchodilator. now!
Good.
- Pulse?
- 138.
Give her 500 milligrams
of intravenous adrenaline.
Right away. Doctor.
Don't fall asleep.
You want to stay here? No. Let's go.
A Negroni for me.
And a San Francisco for the kid.
I need to pee.
Where have you been?
At the lake. fishing.
Did something happen?
- No.
- The police were here.
- The same ones from the checkpoint.
- Fuck.
I have to tell you something.
On the night of the robbery.
we took a jewel and lost it at a car race.
I called Berlin in Paris to tell him.
He wasn't worried.
Berlin was still in Paris?
- When was that?
- Yesterday.
I don't think he's going to leave. Damián.
He's obsessed with her.
- Hello?
- Where are you?
At a cocktail bar in Paris.
- Can you go alone?
- Yes. sir.
Come here. This way. I'll take you.
- Andrés?
- This way.
- No.
- No?
Where. then?
You prefer the toilet? Let's go.
Who's that?
I took one of Camille's friend's kids
out for a walk.
Are you nuts? Why aren't you in Madrid?
Because I've been very busy
ruining everything.
I lost Camille.
I'm the big loser in this story.
Damián...
I've played my cards boldly
ever since I met her.
I put all my cards on the table.
I behaved like a true gentleman.
I also behaved like a scoundrel.
And I lost.
I made the woman I love deeply unhappy.
She used to shine like the sun.
I smothered her.
There's no way back.
What's all this about Camille?
All of Europe is looking for you.
You're in the epicenter of the robbery!
I'm talking about love.
and you talk about the police?
What is the world coming to?
Fine.
Go to the hotel lobby and don't move.
- I'll come pick you up.
- I'll be there.
Roi. I'm going to get Berlin.
You two clean the RV for fingerprints.
Activating Plan Suricate.
We may be facing a critical situation.
- Raquel Murillo.
- Alicia.
Sub-inspector of criminal intelligence
and the naughtiest girl at the academy.
This is Superintendent Lavelle.
from the organized crime unit.
- Enchantée.
- Welcome.
Bad news. There's no one with a record
that has horns tattooed on his knuckles.
Are you sure they're Spanish?
They could be Latino.
No. Six witnesses have confirmed.
The bouncers. the stolen car people.
and the guys from the illegal races.
They're Spaniards. damn it.
Have you distributed the facial composites
and the tattoo?
We don't want to give the thieves
any clues about our progress.
Who doesn't want to give clues?
You or those aristocratic families?
You're on the right track.
I see. They don't want anyone to know
they're so poor
that they're selling
their kings' and queens' jewels.
We need to distribute the photos.
It's easier if all of France
is looking for them
rather than just the three of us.
Citizen cooperation
is the most efficient method.
Okay.
For the time being. I'll send the photos
to the other police forces and stations.
If we get no results.
we'll leak it to the press.
I'd like to study the case in depth.
Reports. photos. forensics findings...
Everything you have.
It's all on the table.
Look at you.
You're menstruating nitroglycerin.
You know me well.
Any news?
Look familiar?
Fuck.
Recognize these two?
How was the audition. darling?
Awful. My mind was on you
rather than the role.
How are you?
Bad. Terrible.
The lawyer says it's impossible
to get François out of jail.
I can't stop wondering
who could've framed him.
What enemies could my husband have?
He's an ordinary man.
Well...
In the movies. it's usually the lover.
- Where's Simón?
- I broke up with him.
And my son?
- He took him to the playground.
- What?
- Mom!
- Oh. Pablo. How are you?
Let's go to the kitchen and have a snack.
I hope you understand.
What's the point of understanding?
I would've liked
to continue our love story.
The key to his room.
Hi.
- How are you doing?
- Good.
I'm a free man again.
Would you like another drink?
We don't have much time. do we?
We have all the time in the world.
Let's ask for my friend's medical report.
Call on the radio and ask how she is.
This is the police patrol.
How is the snake-bite patient?
She's stable. She'll be out
of the treatment room in five minutes.
- Copy.
- Five minutes and the show begins. huh?
Take the handcuffs out very slowly.
Go on!
Three men. uniforms. handcuffs...
Let's have some fun.
Yeah. No. Wait.
There's something I need to tell you.
I want to apologize for everything.
- No.
- No. Listen to me.
I want to apologize
for all that garbage
I spewed at you in the vault.
No need to apologize. You were right.
And what's more. you can experience
true love in one evening.
Solid love. 24-karat love.
with a stranger.
Don't tell me that...
Yes!
But when?
Today. It happened today.
Cheers.
And I also understand what you said.
What?
That you can't give up a minute of love
just because it's going to end.
- No.
- Yes. You were right.
I don't agree at all!
- What are you saying? Why not?
- No. Thank you.
You were the one who was absolutely right.
- No. man.
- Yes.
I am a love castaway.
Honestly. I'd love to find my "forever."
You?
- You? Forever?
- Yes.
- Yes. Boring love?
For me. love. like...
falls apart along the way.
- You know?
- Yeah.
So the only thing I can defend
is what I know about love.
which is the beginning. but. God...
You have no idea
how much I'd love to experience
a love story with no end.
There's always an end.
Listen. Carmen. Do you remember Carmen?
How could I not remember Carmen?
She left me.
It seems our love wore out.
She was with me
because she couldn't find anyone else.
And now she found him.
Fine.
How are you?
Well. melancholic and mentally confused.
The feelings that come
with being a free man again.
Look at those two suckers.
They're so happy.
Let me tell you something.
Considering everything we know about love...
Yes.
we can't keep quiet.
- Let's go.
- Great.
May we?
We're a couple of Spanish tourists.
We saw you walk in.
brimming with excitement.
and we couldn't help but congratulate you.
As a gift. we'd like to tell you
what we've learned about love
after years of study
and scientific observation.
Are you angry?
No.
Listen. Roi.
It's never a good idea
to mix sex and work.
Don't you remember saying that to me
on our first day?
But this isn't about sex.
That kiss wasn't about sex.
It was about love.
And you know it.
Because if it'd been only that.
if you'd felt
that all I wanted from you was to screw.
you'd have kissed me. right?
No. First. you would've looked
at my forehead to read my expiration date.
October 25th.
- And then we'd have made out.
- Roi. stop it.
I want to tell you
that you drive me crazy.
Since the second I met you.
Since I first saw your tattoo.
But I couldn't do anything.
First. because I didn't know your story.
Second. because Berlin
asked me to stay away.
When I finally made up my mind.
I realized you're the one who can't do it
because you're dead scared.
And I'm upset.
I'm upset because I'm too late.
I'm upset because I came after Jimmy.
Because you're too afraid
to take a step forward.
But you know that if I had met you
before he did. we'd be together now.
I've only fallen in love twice.
and I was too late both times.
How do you know that we'd be together
if Jimmy hadn't existed?
You don't know that. Roi.
I'm sorry.
It's quiet out there.
That's because they're already here.
Happiness
Is holding hands and going away together Happiness
Is an innocent look
In the middle of a crowd. happiness
Is knowing my dreams
Are safe in your arms. happiness
Happiness
Is the beach at night
The tide that comes and goes
Is your tan skin under my pillow Happiness
Is turning off the lights
And making up. happiness
Happiness
Is sipping on wine while we talk Happiness
Is loving freely like a child. happiness
Is sitting in your car
And flying through the night. happiness
This is our song
That tells our love story
It tastes like the truth
Happiness
Is speaking the truth. a moonlit night
And the radio playing in a bar
Is jumping in a pond
Laughing like a circus clown. happiness
Is an unexpected phone call. happiness
CHEZ VIENOT
AUCTION HOUSE
This is our song
It's like the wind. the sea. and the sun
It's hot with the heat of our truth
Happiness
This is our song
It's like the wind. the sea. and the sun
It's hot with the heat of our truth
Happiness
Subtitle translation by: Molly Yurick
1:18.958 —> 00:41:20.958
you would've kissed me. right?
Well. first. you would've looked
at my forehead.
to check my expiration date.
The 25th of October.
- And then we'd have made out.
- Don't say that.
I'm saying I'm crazy about you.
Since the moment we met.
Since I saw your tattoo.
But I couldn't do anything.
For one. I had no idea what was going on.
And also because Berlin asked me not to.
And when I finally decided to.
I realized you were the one who couldn't.
Because you're scared to death.
So I'm fucked.
I'm fucked because I arrived late
in this story.
I'm fucked because I arrived after Jimmy.
And because now you're afraid
to take a step forward.
And you know. deep down.
that if I had been with you before him.
we'd still be together.
Two good stories in my life.
and I'm late for both.
And how do you know
that we'd still be together?
You don't know that Roi.
Sorry.
Mm-hmm.
- I don't see anyone out there.
- That means they're here.